🏀 was life at the White House on Thursday when the NBA champion Cleveland Cavaliers visited. In June, the team brought Cleveland its first championship in 52 years. Only a month later the team's home base, the Quicken Loans Arena, played host to the Republican National Convention and another champion: President-elect Donald Trump. Something is clearly in the water in Believeland. 🏀 is always life in the Obama White House. President Barack Obama plays the game recreationally and even had the White House tennis court adapted into a basketball court. First Lady Michelle Obama's brother is a college basketball coach. President Barack Obama has made a habit of inviting sports champions to the White House. The Cavs could very well be the last professional sports team to get the star treatment at the White House during Obama's presidency. What's the best way to make sure basketball players (known for their height) won't upstage you? Basically make them stand in a ditch. Look at the bottom level of this riser -- it's like, 6 inches lower than the platform. Well played, POTUS.Another way to make yourself look taller? Enter the event with a short friend. In this case, Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert. Obama is over six feet tall, but it's always better to be safe than sorry when it comes to optics.LeBron James was the only player who showed up for Turtleneck Thursday and decided to take a selfie to mark the occasion. Only King James could make turtlenecks look good.America's dad, Ohio Gov. John Kasich, was there. Because Ohio is the place where 🏀 is most life. Vice President Joe Biden thought it was hilarious when Obama called the 1996 Chicago Bulls the greatest team of all time. Joe knows that the greatest team of all time was the Tune Squad in Space Jam.A baby in the audience laughed and gave Obama and Biden the chance to execute their signature play: the point and gesture. Kevin Love undid all of Obama's efforts to look tall when he had to lean down to speak into the microphone. Love's NBA page says he's 6'10. How very cavalier of him. Obama asked if he could rip the sleeves off of his jersey like the cool kids do. It's hard to do a decent layup in sleeves (or so I have read). This is one jersey he might actually wear.I know someone who was living his best life today.